[Docs] Batch07: adding examples to string functions (#16862)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-scalar.md

|`LOOKUP(expr, lookupName, [replaceMissingValueWith])`|Look up `expr` in a registered [query-time lookup table](lookups.md) named `lookupName`. The optional constant `replaceMissingValueWith`, if provided, is returned when the `expr` is null or when the lookup does not contain a value for `expr`.<br /><br />Lookups can also be queried directly using the [`lookup` schema](sql.md#from).|
|`LOWER(expr)`|Returns `expr` in all lowercase.|
|`UPPER(expr)`|Returns `expr` in all uppercase.|

> |`LPAD(expr, length, [chars])`|Returns a string of `length` from `expr` left-padded with `chars`. If no `chars` is specified, `expr` is padded with space characters. If `length` is shorter than the length of `expr`, `expr` is truncated to `length`.  If `chars` is an empty string, no padding is added. The result will be null if either `expr` or `chars` is null.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`LPAD(expr, length, [chars])`|Returns a string of `length` from `expr`. If `expr` is shorter than `length`, left pads `expr` with `chars`, which defaults to space characters. If `expr` exceeds `length`, truncates `expr` to equal `length`.  If `chars` is an empty string, no padding is added. Returns `null` if either `expr` or `chars` is null.|
```
same for RPAD

|`RPAD(expr, length, [chars])`|Returns a string of `length` from `expr` right-padded with `chars`. If no `chars` is specified, `expr` is padded with space characters. If `length` is shorter than the length of `expr`, `expr` is truncated to `length`.  If `chars` is an empty string, no padding is added. The result will be null if either `expr` or `chars` is null.|
|`PARSE_LONG(string, [radix])`|Parses a string into a long (BIGINT) with the given radix, or 10 (decimal) if a radix is not provided.|
|`POSITION(needle IN haystack [FROM fromIndex])`|Returns the index of `needle` within `haystack`, with indexes starting from 1. The search will begin at `fromIndex`, or 1 if `fromIndex` is not specified. If `needle` is not found, returns 0.|

> |`REGEXP_EXTRACT(expr, pattern, [N])`|Apply regular expression `pattern` to `expr` and extract the `N`-th capture group, or `NULL` if there is no match. If `N` is unspecified or zero, returns the first substring that matched the pattern. The pattern may match anywhere inside `expr`; if you want to match the entire string instead, use the `^` and `$` markers at the start and end of your pattern. Note: when `druid.generic.useDefaultValueForNull = true`, it is not possible to differentiate an empty-string match from a non-match (both will return `NULL`).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`REGEXP_EXTRACT(expr, pattern, [N])`|Apply regular expression `pattern` to `expr` and extract the `N`-th capture group, or `NULL` if there is no match. If `N` is unspecified or zero, returns the first substring that matched the pattern. The pattern may match anywhere inside `expr`. To match the entire string, use the `^` and `$` markers at the start and end of your pattern. Note: when `druid.generic.useDefaultValueForNull = true`, it is not possible to differentiate an empty-string match from a non-match (both will return `NULL`).|
```
